#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-dev.in
#
aiohttp==3.7.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-idex
amqp==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   kombu
aniso8601==8.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-restful
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via black
appnope==0.1.2
    # via ipython
apscheduler==3.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-telegram-bot
asn1crypto==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   coincurve
async-timeout==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   automat
    #   jsonschema
    #   service-identity
    #   twisted
autobahn==21.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-binance
automat==20.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   twisted
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
bcrypt==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
beautifulsoup4==4.9.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
bidict==0.21.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-socketio
billiard==3.6.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
black==20.8b1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
bleach==3.3.0
    # via readme-renderer
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   py-ecc
cachelib==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-session
captcha==0.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
celery==4.4.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-binance
    #   python-telegram-bot
    #   requests
cffi==1.14.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bcrypt
    #   coincurve
    #   cryptography
cfscrape==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
chardet==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   flask
    #   pip-tools
coincurve==15.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-idex
colorama==0.4.4
    # via twine
configparser==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mongodb-migrations
constantly==15.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   twisted
cryptography==3.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   autobahn
    #   http-ece
    #   py-vapid
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-binance
    #   python-telegram-bot
    #   pywebpush
    #   service-identity
cytoolz==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eth-utils
dateparser==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-binance
decorator==4.4.2
    # via ipython
dnspython==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eventlet
docutils==0.16
    # via readme-renderer
environs==9.3.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
eth-hash==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eth-utils
eth-typing==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eth-utils
    #   py-ecc
eth-utils==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eth-hash
    #   py-ecc
    #   rlp
eventlet==0.26.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
flasgger==0.9.5
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-login==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-restful==0.3.8
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-session==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-socketio==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-wtf==0.14.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flasgger
    #   flask-login
    #   flask-restful
    #   flask-session
    #   flask-socketio
    #   flask-wtf
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
greenlet==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eventlet
gunicorn==20.0.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
http-ece==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pywebpush
hyperlink==21.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   autobahn
    #   twisted
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hyperlink
    #   requests
    #   yarl
incremental==17.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   twisted
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via traitlets
ipython==7.20.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
itsdangerous==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jedi==0.18.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flasgger
keyring==22.0.1
    # via twine
kombu==4.6.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   wtforms
marshmallow==2.20.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   environs
millify==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
mistune==0.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flasgger
mongodb-migrations==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
mongoengine==0.22.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
monotonic==1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   eventlet
multidict==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   py-ecc
packaging==20.9
    # via bleach
parso==0.8.1
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.8.1
    # via black
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==8.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   captcha
pip-tools==5.5.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pkginfo==1.7.0
    # via twine
prompt-toolkit==3.0.16
    # via ipython
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
py-ecc==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-idex
py-etherscan-api==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
py-vapid==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pywebpush
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   service-identity
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   service-identity
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodome==3.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-idex
pygments==2.7.4
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   readme-renderer
pyhamcrest==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   twisted
pymongo==3.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mongodb-migrations
    #   mongoengine
pyopenssl==20.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-binance
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via packaging
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
python-binance==0.7.9
    # via -r requirements.txt
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dateparser
python-dotenv==0.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   environs
python-engineio==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-socketio
python-idex==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
python-kucoin==2.1.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
python-socketio[client]==5.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-socketio
python-telegram-bot==13.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   apscheduler
    #   celery
    #   dateparser
    #   flask-restful
    #   python-telegram-bot
    #   tzlocal
pywebpush==1.11.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flasgger
readme-renderer==28.0
    # via twine
redis==3.5.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
regex==2020.11.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   dateparser
requests-toolbelt==0.9.1
    # via twine
requests==2.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cfscrape
    #   python-binance
    #   python-idex
    #   python-kucoin
    #   python-socketio
    #   pywebpush
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   twine
    #   wikipedia-api
rfc3986==1.4.0
    # via twine
rlp==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-idex
service-identity==18.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-binance
shortid==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-idex
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   apscheduler
    #   automat
    #   bcrypt
    #   bleach
    #   eventlet
    #   flasgger
    #   flask-restful
    #   jsonschema
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-binance
    #   python-dateutil
    #   readme-renderer
    #   websocket-client
soupsieve==2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
toml==0.10.2
    # via black
toolz==0.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cytoolz
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-telegram-bot
tqdm==4.56.2
    # via twine
traitlets==5.0.5
    # via ipython
twine==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
twisted==20.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-binance
txaio==20.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   autobahn
typed-ast==1.4.2
    # via black
typing-extensions==3.7.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   black
tzlocal==2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   apscheduler
    #   dateparser
ujson==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-binance
urllib3==1.25.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-binance
    #   requests
vine==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
websocket-client==0.57.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-socketio
websockets==8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-idex
    #   python-kucoin
werkzeug==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
wikipedia-api==0.5.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
wtforms==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-wtf
yarl==1.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
zope.interface==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   twisted

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
